Update Web Audio API guide about ConstantSourceNode (#18603)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/web_audio_api/basic_concepts_behind_web_audio_api/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("Web Audio API")}}

This article explains some of the audio theory behind how the features of the Web Audio API work to help you make informed decisions while designing how your app routes audio. If you are not already a sound engineer, it will give you enough background to understand why the Web Audio API works as it does.

## Audio graphs

> The [Web Audio API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) involves handling audio operations inside an [audio context](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioContext), and has been designed to allow _modular routing_.  Each [audio node](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode), which are linked together to form an _audio routing graph_, perform a basic audio operation. Several sources with different channel layouts are supported, even within a single context. This modular design provides the flexibility to create complex audio functions with dynamic effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Web Audio API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) involves handling audio operations inside an [audio context](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioContext), and has been designed to allow _modular routing_.  Each [audio node](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode) performs a basic audio operation and is linked with one more other audio nodes to form an [audio routing graph](en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode#the_audio_routing_graph). Several sources with different channel layouts are supported, even within a single context. This modular design provides the flexibility to create complex audio functions with dynamic effects.
```

> Audio nodes are linked via their inputs and outputs, forming a chain that starts with one or more sources, goes through one or more nodes, then ends up at a destination. Although, you don't have to provide a destination if you only want to visualize some audio data. A simple, typical workflow for web audio would look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audio nodes are linked via their inputs and outputs, forming a chain that starts with one or more sources, goes through one or more nodes, then ends up at a destination (although you don't have to provide a destination if you only want to visualize some audio data). A simple, typical workflow for web audio would look something like this:
```

## Audio graphs

> The [Web Audio API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) involves handling audio operations inside an [audio context](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioContext), and has been designed to allow _modular routing_.  Each [audio node](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode) performs a basic audio operation and is linked with one more other audio nodes to form an [audio routing graph](en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode#the_audio_routing_graph). Several sources with different channel layouts are supported, even within a single context. This modular design provides the flexibility to create complex audio functions with dynamic effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Web Audio API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) involves handling audio operations inside an [audio context](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioContext), and has been designed to allow _modular routing_. Each [audio node](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode) performs a basic audio operation and is linked with one more other audio nodes to form an [audio routing graph](en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioNode#the_audio_routing_graph). Several sources with different channel layouts are supported, even within a single context. This modular design provides the flexibility to create complex audio functions with dynamic effects.
```

## Visualizations

> In general, we get the output over time to produce audio visualizations, usually reading its gain or frequency data. Then, using a graphical tool, we turn the obtained data into a visual representation, such as a graph. The Web Audio API has an {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} available that doesn't alter the audio signal passing through it. Additionally, it outputs the audio data allowing us to process it via a technology such as {{htmlelement("canvas")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, we get the output over time to produce audio visualizations, usually reading its gain or frequency data. Then, using a graphical tool, we turn the obtained data into a visual representation, such as a graph. The Web Audio API has an {{domxref("AnalyserNode")}} available that doesn't alter the audio signal passing through it. Additionally, it outputs the audio data, allowing us to process it via a technology such as {{htmlelement("canvas")}}.
```
